# CS320Journal
How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
With this class this was one of my first times working with JUnit tests. I wasn’t familiar with how testing of code was done previously and just how much had to be done to ensure it was done correctly. To make sure my code was secure was to continue to do tests that checked my coverage of the requirements. By working off the requirements I can make sure that we meet the functionality of it and by working this in with different JUnit tests I can ensure that I reach a high level of coverage. 
How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
The way that I interrupted the user needs and helped incorporate them into the program was to read through the documents. I looked at what where items or functionality that the felt was needed for the program to meet their expectations and would document it. I would break those constraints down into parts that I could use for a test. For example, if there was a maximum length that something could be and the field could not be blank, I would break this requirement down into the field not being null and being less than that maximum length. This would also help me understand what type of JUnit tests I should perform on the code to ensure that I met those requirements. Of course, this type of break down is only possible when we have such well documented requirements. Another part will be making sure that we can get those requirements. For that we would need to communicate with perspective users to see what functions they wanted and see how we can break them down into requirements. 
How do I approach designing software?
So, with this course I approached my design of the software through just trial and error. I would try to break down the requirements that the customer had into different sections that I could work on. I would continue to look at those requirements and see what the best ways would be to implement them and to test them. I feel like this could be improved and I want to focus on using more static testing in the future. I want to further plan out my design based on the requirements that is presented. With better static testing I wouldn’t have had an issue in the end hitting a roadblock in trying to find a way to complete a test on the program. 
